---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-14T23:56:25.177Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-14T23:56:12.141Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-14-437afc04-2510-4af1-8ae5-4b5282f7fa1b.md
published: true
url: 437afc04-2510-4af1-8ae5-4b5282f7fa1b/index.html
_type: Article

---
Alligator Cables are the best in the world! 

Stable, smoother, pliable, stronger, lower friction, lighter weight and Eco-friendly. 

Designed in Italy and engineered in Germany, the Alligator 31-Strand Slick Stainless Steel gear and brake cables are more flexible than 19-strand cables as a thinner cable strand is used to condense more density into the same space. 

The 31-strand cable is then finished with smoothing the outer edges to make them slick.
Alligator cables are not coated and undergo a special treatment that doesn't break down. 

Alligator cables are incredibly supple and can bend more easily in tight spaces with less friction. These cables are perfect for internally routed setups like TT and Triathlon bikes. 

Alligator cables are better quality than competitors top of the range PFTE coated cables, while being cost effective and better value for you and your customers. 

Also available is the Alligator iLink cable system which is 50% lighter than conventional cable housing and features a polymer liner that greatly reduces friction between the cable and housing. 

Cush Collective is the Australian distributor of Alligator, Sparse lights, Starlight Custom Apparel, Rivet Bikes, Rin Project and Soxxon. 

If you would like a free demonstration set of cables for your bike or simply more information on the product range, please contact sales@cushcollective.com